Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got a nice set of buns!
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
Hey baby, you must be a light switch, cuz every time I see you, you turn me on!
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.
I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".
You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
How was heaven when you left it?
Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.
I didn't know that angels could fly so low!
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!
If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!
I'm Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?
I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Be unique and different, say yes.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.
Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.
When God made you, he was showing off.
Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
This time next year let’s be laughing together.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.
I wish I was cross-eyed, so I could see you twice.
Are you a beaver? Cause dam!
Do I know you? Cause you look just like my next girlfriend.
Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
I hope you know CPR, cuz you take my breath away!
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
Wow! Are those real?
You are the reason men fall in love.
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You should be someone's wife.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.
Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.
I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!
This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
You, Before I Wake Up From this Dream.
You're hotter than donut grease.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.
Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special.
If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
If you were a steak you would be well done.
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
You look beautiful today, just like every other day.
Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Do you live on a chicken farm? 'Cause you sure know how to raise a cock.
Are you a drill sergeant? Because you have my privates standing at attention.
Do you mix concrete for a living? Because you're making me hard.
If you're feeling down, I can feel you up.
My dick just died. Would you mind if I buried it in your ass?
Are your legs made of Nutella? Because I'd love to spread them!
There will only be 7 planets left after I destroy Uranus.
I'm no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight.
Do you work at Subway? Because you just gave me a footlong.
I may not go down in history, but I'll go down on you.
That shirt's very becoming on you. If I were on you, I'd be coming too.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
I think I left a blowjob at your house. Do you mind if I come by and get it?
I hope you like dragons, because I'll be dragon my balls across your face tonight.
I think it's time I tell you what people are saying behind your back... "Nice ass!"
I may not be a windshield repairman, but I can still fill your crack in.
Forget that! Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Your face reminds me of a wrench, every time I think of it my nuts tighten up.
Excuse me, but would you like an orally stimulated orgasm?
F**k me if I am wrong, but haven't we met before?
Do you run track? Cause I heard you Relay want this dick.
Are you from the ghetto? Cause I'm about to ghetto hold of dat ass.
You know what I like in a girl? My dick.
Are you a doctor? cause you just cured my erectile dysfunction.
Your legs are like an Oreo Cookie - I wanna split them and eat all the good stuff in the middle.
Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? [Pull your pockets inside out] Would you like to?
I lost my virginity. Can I have yours?
Hey babe, how about a pizza and a f**k? [No] What's wrong, don't you like pizza?
Hey, you wanna do a 68? You go down on me, and I'll owe you one.
Someone vacuum my lap, I think this girl needs a clean place to sit.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put 'U' between 'F' and 'CK'
F**k me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Laura?
Hey Baby! I'd like to use your thighs as earmuffs.
You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.
Are you from Iraq? 'Cause I like the way you Baghdad ass up.
Your breasts remind me of Mount Rushmore - my face should be among them.
Hey baby, I think you just made my two by four into a four by eight.
Is that a keg in your pants? Because I'd love to tap that ass.
Hey cutie, wanna go halves on a baby?
You can call me cake, cause I'll go straight to your ass.
Are you hungry? Cause omelette you suck this dick.
Do you like pudding? Cause I'll be pudding this dick in your ass.
Can I read your t-shirt in braille?
Do you know your ABC's? Cause I wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
I'll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickle.
You are so selfish! You're going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.
Just remember: To you, I am a virgin.
What's the speed limit of sex? [what?] 68. Because at 69 YOU have to turn around!
I'm an astronaut and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
I'm like a Rubik's Cube, the more you play with me the harder I get!
What's the difference between a Ferrari and an erection? I don't have a Ferrari.
Hi, do you want to have my children? [No] OK, can we just practice then?
I'm afraid of the dark... Will you sleep with me tonight?
I love my bed but I'd rather be in yours.
Baby, I'm like a firefighter, I find 'em hot and leave 'em wet!
I spent over a grand on Viagra today, only to come here and see you and find out that I don't need it after all.
Brrr! My hands are cold. Can I warm them in your heaving breasts?
I'm hung like a tic tac. Wanna freshen your breath?
Do you come here often or wait till you get home?
Do you have a mirror in your pocket? (Why?) Because I can see myself in your pants.
Do you wash your panties with Windex? Because I can really see myself in them.
If I had AIDS, would you have sex with me? [No] Well, I don't, so let's go.
Excuse me, but do you give head to strangers? [No] Well then, allow me to introduce myself.
I wanna floss with your pubic hair.
I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand.
If your right leg was Christmas and your left leg was Easter, would you let me come for dinner between the holidays?
That dress looks great on you...as a matter of fact, so would I.
So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
Miss, If you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
Let's have a party and invite your pants to come on down.
Do you have any Italian in you? Would you like some?
Hey baby, let's play house, you can be the door and I'll slam you all night long!
Hi, my name is "Milk." I'll do your body good.
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
I had a wet dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality?
"Do you like cherries?" [No.] "Ok, can I have yours?"
Do you know what winks and screws like a tiger? [No] Wink.
Hey baby, wanna play lion? You go kneel down right there and I'll throw you my meat.
[Excuse me, do you have the time?] "Yes, do you have the energy?"
At the office copy machine "Reproducing eh?" "Can I help?"
Hi, wanna f**k? [No] Mind lying down while I do?
I know a great way to burn off the calories in that pastry you just ate.
I miss my teddy bear. Would you sleep with me?
Is your name daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
Does your ass have Allstate insurance? [No, why?] Well do you want it to be in good hands?
Let me insert my plug into your socket and we can generate some electricity.
You have been very naughty. Go to my room!
Do you like Wendy's? Cause you're gonna love Wendy's nuts slap yo face!
Don't ever change. Just get naked.
Are those jeans Guess? Cause guess who wants to be inside them...
Do you like bacon? Wanna strip?
Hey there, I just took some Cialis and I have 18 hours left.
I must expel some seminal fluid. May I use your body?
I wanna put my thingy into your thingy.
Excuse me, I am about to go masturbate and needed a name to go with the face.
I would absolutely love to swap bodily fluids with you.
Let's go to my place and do the things I'll tell everyone we did anyway.
I'm gonna have sex with you tonight so, you might as well be there.
I'm not Asian but I'll still eat your cat.
Are you the lottery lady on TV, because I'm picturing you holding up my balls.
Damn girl I'd love to kiss those beautiful, luscious lips. And the ones on your face.
I have a job for you, but it blows!
Do you have a shovel? Cause I'm diggin' that ass!
The things I would do if I got a few roofies in you.
Damn, are you my new boss, because you just gave me a raise.
You're so hot you could make a deceased man's dick rise from the dead!
As long as I have a face, you'll have a place to sit.
You must be yogurt because I want to spoon you.
Do you like tapes and CD's? Cause I'm gonna tape this dick to your forehead so you CD's nuts.
Do you work at the wood store? Cause I could've sworn you gave me wood before.
Do you like soda? Because I'd mount-and-do you. (Mountain Dew)
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge.
I'm peanut butter, you're jelly, let's have sex.
If it's true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by tomorrow morning.
My name's [your name]. Just so you know what to scream.
Nice shoes, wanna f**k?
Nice socks. Can I try them on after we have sex?
Nice tits. Mind if I squeeze them?
Oh, you're a bird watcher. [Pull out your dong] Well, would you take this for a swallow?
Are you an elevator? Cause I wanna go down on you.
Is your name Osteoporosis? Because you're giving me a serious bone condition
Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.
Do you like jalapeños? Cause in a minute I'll be jalapeño pussy.
Are you a shark? Cause I've got some swimmers for you to swallow.
Do you work for Papa Johns? Cause you're a fine pizza ass.
Girl are you a witch? Cause you know how to make something stand without even touching it
Are you from China? Cause I'm China get in your pants.
Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I'll stuff your crust.
[Take an ice cube to the bar, smash it, and say] "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
The only reason I would kick you out of bed would be to f**k you on the floor.
The word of the day is "legs." Let's go back to my place and spread the word.
We're going to dance to one song, then go back to my apartment and f**k.
What can I do to make you sleep with me?
I wish you were a screen door, so I could slam you all day long!
Do you like yoga? Cause Yoganna love this dick.
Your place or mine? Tell you what? I'll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours.
I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart...
Hey! Wanna play war? I'll lay on the ground and you blow the f**k outta me!
If we were both squirrels, would you let me bust a nut in your hole?
My dick's been feeling a little dead lately. Wanna give it some mouth-to-mouth?
If I told you I had a 2 inch dick would you f**k me? [No] Good, because mine is 8 inches.
Do you like apples? [Yes/No] How about I take you home and f**k the sh*t out of you. How do like them apples?
Do you like jewels? [Yes/No] well, suck my dick, it's a gem.
They say sex is a killer... Do you want to die happy?
First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button.
Your lips are kinda wrinkled. Mind if I press them?
I have a big headache. I hear the best cure for headaches is sex. What say we go upstairs and work out a remedy.
So, Is it safe to say I'm gonna score?
I just checked my schedule and I can have you pregnant by Christmas.
I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
Do you like my belt buckle? (any response is okay ) It would look better against your forehead!
Do you wanna come to the Marines, or would your rather have a Marine come into you?
Are you gay? [No] Wow, me neither, let's have sex.
If I washed my dick, would you suck it? [No] Oh, so you like to suck dirty dicks.
Nice f**king weather. Want to?
That outfit would look great in a crumpled heap next to my bed.
We're out of bleach. Do you want to go in the janitor's closet and make out?    
There are 206 bones in the human body. How would you like one more?
Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Wanna play carnival? You sit on my face and I guess how much you weigh.
What do you like for breakfast?
Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
Why don't you come over here, sit on my lap and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up?
Why don't you surprise your roommate and not come home tonight?
You have some nice jewelry. It would look great on my nightstand.
Are those lumberjack pants your wearing? They are giving me a wood.
You remind me of a championship bass, I don't know whether to mount you or eat you.
Hey baby, as long as I have a face, you'll have a place to sit.
Hey baby there's a party in my pants and you are invited!
Can I walk through your bushes and climb your mountains?
Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?
I'm a freelance gynecologist. How long has it been since your last checkup?
Do you take Visa?
Excuse me, I just shit in my pants. Can I get in yours?
You are the reason that god invented boners.
With great penis, comes great responsibility.
If I flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head?
If you're feeling down, I can fill you up.
There are so many things you can do with the human mouth... why waste it on talking?
How do you like your eggs? Poached, scrambled or fertilized?
You smell... We should go take a shower together.
Would you like a hotdog to go with those buns?
You're like my own personal brand of heroin.
This may seem corny, but you make me really horny.
I'm a burglar and I'm gonna smash your backdoor in.
Do you wanna do something that rhymes with 'Truck'?
I have a rare disease that will kill me unless I have sex within the next 30 minutes. Don't let me die!
I bet my tongue can beat up your tongue.
Yeah, it's big and if you pet it, it spits
Let us let only latex stand between our love.
Do you wanna see why my nickname is 'tri-pod'?
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to mount.
I heard your ankles were having a party... want to invite your pants down?
Are you a virgin? [No] Prove it!
You bring a whole new meaning to the word, "edible."
I don't know what you think of me, but I hope it's X-rated.
Want to play lion tamer? You could get on all fours and I'll put my head in your mouth.
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?
Do you like chicken? Sorry, I haven't got any, how about a cock?
I think that we might be related. Let me check for the family birthmark on your chest.
Are you from Ireland? 'Cuz my dick's-a-Dublin!
[Look down at your crotch] It's not just going to suck itself.
I'm a writer, you're a writer, how about we get naked together and put some poetry in motion?
Are you from Africa? Cause I wanna know Kenya suck this dick?
[Hold up a screw] Wanna screw?
Do you want to come over to my place and feed your beaver some wood?
[What are you doing?] I'm taking off my shoes. [Why?] So I can take off my pants.
Is your name Dora? Cause I'll let you explore this dick.
I like your hair, your eyes, your smile... I like every bone in your body... Especially mine!
Do you sleep on your stomach? [No] Can I?
Lets play "Titanic." When I say "Iceburg!" you do down.
Do you believe guys think with their dick? (Yeah.) Well, in that case, will you blow my mind?
Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Don't you think most people who use pick-up lines are dipsticks? (Yes.) In that case, mind if I check your oil level?
Your shirt has to go, but you can stay.
Would you like to actively engage in mock procreation?
I'm easy. Are you?
Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under.
Could you do me a favor? Could you get on your knees and smile like a donut?
This is a condom. If we put it on, we can have sex.
I WANT SEX! Sorry, the doctor said that would help...
Do you believe in free love? [No] Then how much do you cost?
Hey baby, I'll f**k you so well the NEIGHBORS will be having a cigarette when we're done.
Want to make a porno? We don't have to tape it.
Let's not mess with nature. We are here to make babies. So, let's get to it.
Gee, that's a nice set of legs, what time do they open?
I don't know you, and you don't know me, but who's to say it's wrong if we sleep together?
Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac's in your bra?
I just popped a Viagra. So, we've got about 30 minutes to get back to your place.
I think that pick-up lines are for people with to much time on their hands. Let's just f**k.
You have a beautiful voice. I bet it would sound even better muffled by my penis.
That's a nice shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
Hi, I'm gay. Do you think you can convert me?
I'm the finger down your spine when all the lights go out.
If I'm a pain in your ass... We can just add more lubricants.
Life is short. Let's f**k and see if there is anything after that.
Let me eat you for an hour. If you don't want to have sex after that, we won't.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
[Give the person a bottle of wine or tequila] Drink this, and then call me when you're ready.
Hi, will you help me find my lost puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room across the street.
I'm trying to determine after years of therapy and lots of testing, whether or not I'm allergic to sex.
[Walk into her chest] "If they weren't sooo large, it wouldn't have happened!"
How much will $20 get me?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I suck at pick up lines... nice tits.
Want to spend the night at my house tonight? The couch may not pull out, but I do.
So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
What are you doing tonight? Besides me, of course?
Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the 'd' cause you'll get that later!
My name is Skittles... wanna taste my rainbow?
Are those pants on sale? Cause they're 100% off at my place!
I'm with the TSA and I need to perform a full body cavity search, for security reasons.
Can I be the wiener in your hotdog?
I only have 12 hours to live... please don't let me die a virgin.
I'm bigger and better than the Titantic - only 200 women went down on that vessel!
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
What has 132 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!
I have the entire dictionary written on my dick. Want me to put some words in your mouth??
The FBI wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?
