Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got a nice set of buns!
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
Hey baby, you must be a light switch, cuz every time I see you, you turn me on!
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call you 'Mommy.'
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
Your body is 65% water and I'm thirsty.
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
You look so familiar… didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".
You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
How was heaven when you left it?
Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.
I didn't know that angels could fly so low!
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Excuse me, but you dropped something back there" (What?) "This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!
If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!
Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!
Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.
I'm Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?
I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.
Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
[Point at her ass] Pardon me, is this seat taken?
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Be unique and different, say yes.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.
if I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say "I love you" with my last breath!
Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.
When God made you, he was showing off.
Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.
Is there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle
I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
(Put your fingers on the other's nipples) Hey, here's (name), comin' at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
This time next year let’s be laughing together.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.
I wish I was cross-eyed, so I could see you twice.
Are you a beaver? Cause dam!
Do I know you? Cause you look just like my next girlfriend.
Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime.
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I hope you know CPR, cuz you take my breath away!
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!
So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!
Wow! Are those real?
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
You are the reason men fall in love.
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.
You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You should be someone's wife.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!
There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world.
Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.
I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!
This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
if we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. (tulips = two lips)
Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
Stare at girl . ("What're you staring at?")
You, Before I Wake Up From this Dream.
You're hotter than donut grease.
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.
Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special.
If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
If you were a steak you would be well done.
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane!
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
On The Phone
She/He says: "Hold on"
You Say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
You look beautiful today, just like every other day.
Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Do you live on a chicken farm? 'Cause you sure know how to raise a cock.
Are you a drill sergeant? Because you have my privates standing at attention.
You're just like my little toe, because I'm going to bang you on every piece of furniture in my home.
Do you mix concrete for a living? Because you're making me hard.
If you're feeling down, I can feel you up.
My dick just died. Would you mind if I buried it in your ass?
Are your legs made of Nutella? Because I'd love to spread them!
There will only be 7 planets left after I destroy Uranus.
I'm no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight.
Do you work at Subway? Because you just gave me a footlong.
I may not go down in history, but I'll go down on you.
That shirt's very becoming on you. If I were on you, I'd be coming too.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
I think I left a blowjob at your house. Do you mind if I come by and get it?
I hope you like dragons, because I'll be dragon my balls across your face tonight.
I think it's time I tell you what people are saying behind your back... "Nice ass!"
I may not be a windshield repairman, but I can still fill your crack in.
Do you know the difference between my penis and a chicken wing? No? Well, let's go on a picnic and find out!
Forget that! Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Your face reminds me of a wrench, every time I think of it my nuts tighten up.
Excuse me, but would you like an orally stimulated orgasm?
F**k me if I am wrong, but haven't we met before?
Do you run track? Cause I heard you Relay want this dick.
Are you from the ghetto? Cause I'm about to ghetto hold of dat ass.
You know what I like in a girl? My dick.
Are you a doctor? cause you just cured my erectile dysfunction.
Your legs are like an Oreo Cookie - I wanna split them and eat all the good stuff in the middle.
Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? [Pull your pockets inside out] Would you like to?
I lost my virginity. Can I have yours?
Hey babe, how about a pizza and a f**k? [No] What's wrong, don't you like pizza?
Hey, you wanna do a 68? You go down on me, and I'll owe you one.
Someone vacuum my lap, I think this girl needs a clean place to sit.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put 'U' between 'F' and 'CK'
F**k me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Laura?
Hey Baby! I'd like to use your thighs as earmuffs.
You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.
Are you from Iraq? 'Cause I like the way you Baghdad ass up.
Your breasts remind me of Mount Rushmore - my face should be among them.
Hey baby, I think you just made my two by four into a four by eight.
Is that a keg in your pants? Because I'd love to tap that ass.
Hey cutie, wanna go halves on a baby?
You can call me cake, cause I'll go straight to your ass.
Are you hungry? Cause omelette you suck this dick.
Do you like pudding? Cause I'll be pudding this dick in your ass.
Can I read your t-shirt in braille?
Do you know your ABC's? Cause I wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
I'll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickle.
You are so selfish! You're going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.
Just remember: To you, I am a virgin.
What's the speed limit of sex? [what?] 68. Because at 69 YOU have to turn around!
I'm an astronaut and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
I'm like a Rubik's Cube, the more you play with me the harder I get!
What's the difference between a Ferrari and an erection? I don't have a Ferrari.
Hi, do you want to have my children? [No] OK, can we just practice then?
I'm afraid of the dark... Will you sleep with me tonight?
I love my bed but I'd rather be in yours.
Baby, I'm like a firefighter, I find 'em hot and leave 'em wet!
I spent over a grand on Viagra today, only to come here and see you and find out that I don't need it after all.
Brrr! My hands are cold. Can I warm them in your heaving breasts?
I'm hung like a tic tac. Wanna freshen your breath?
Do you come here often or wait till you get home?
Do you have a mirror in your pocket? (Why?) Because I can see myself in your pants.
Do you wash your panties with Windex? Because I can really see myself in them.
If I had AIDS, would you have sex with me? [No] Well, I don't, so let's go.
Excuse me, but do you give head to strangers? [No] Well then, allow me to introduce myself.
I wanna floss with your pubic hair.
I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand.
If your right leg was Christmas and your left leg was Easter, would you let me come for dinner between the holidays?
That dress looks great on you...as a matter of fact, so would I.
So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
Miss, If you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
Let's have a party and invite your pants to come on down.
Do you have any Italian in you? Would you like some?
Hey baby, let's play house, you can be the door and I'll slam you all night long!
Hi, my name is "Milk." I'll do your body good.
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
I had a wet dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality?
"Do you like cherries?" [No.] "Ok, can I have yours?"
Do you know what winks and screws like a tiger? [No] Wink.
Hey baby, wanna play lion? You go kneel down right there and I'll throw you my meat.
[Excuse me, do you have the time?] "Yes, do you have the energy?"
At the office copy machine "Reproducing eh?" "Can I help?"
Hi, wanna f**k? [No] Mind lying down while I do?
I know a great way to burn off the calories in that pastry you just ate.
I miss my teddy bear. Would you sleep with me?
Is your name daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
Does your ass have Allstate insurance? [No, why?] Well do you want it to be in good hands?
Let me insert my plug into your socket and we can generate some electricity.
You have been very naughty. Go to my room!
Do you like Wendy's? Cause you're gonna love Wendy's nuts slap yo face!
Don't ever change. Just get naked.
Are those jeans Guess? Cause guess who wants to be inside them...
Do you like bacon? Wanna strip?
Hey there, I just took some Cialis and I have 18 hours left.
I must expel some seminal fluid. May I use your body?
I wanna put my thingy into your thingy.
Excuse me, I am about to go masturbate and needed a name to go with the face.
I would absolutely love to swap bodily fluids with you.
Let's go to my place and do the things I'll tell everyone we did anyway.
I'm gonna have sex with you tonight so, you might as well be there.
I'm not Asian but I'll still eat your cat.
Are you the lottery lady on TV, because I'm picturing you holding up my balls.
Damn girl I'd love to kiss those beautiful, luscious lips. And the ones on your face.
I have a job for you, but it blows!
Do you have a shovel? Cause I'm diggin' that ass!
The things I would do if I got a few roofies in you.
Damn, are you my new boss, because you just gave me a raise.
You're so hot you could make a deceased man's dick rise from the dead!
As long as I have a face, you'll have a place to sit.
You must be yogurt because I want to spoon you.
Do you like tapes and CD's? Cause I'm gonna tape this dick to your forehead so you CD's nuts.
Do you work at the wood store? Cause I could've sworn you gave me wood before.
Do you like soda? Because I'd mount-and-do you. (Mountain Dew)
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge.
I'm peanut butter, you're jelly, let's have sex.
If it's true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by tomorrow morning.
My name's [your name]. Just so you know what to scream.
Nice shoes, wanna f**k?
Nice socks. Can I try them on after we have sex?
Nice tits. Mind if I squeeze them?
Oh, you're a bird watcher. [Pull out your dong] Well, would you take this for a swallow?
Are you an elevator? Cause I wanna go down on you.
Is your name Osteoporosis? Because you're giving me a serious bone condition
Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.
Do you like jalapeños? Cause in a minute I'll be jalapeño pussy.
Are you a shark? Cause I've got some swimmers for you to swallow.
Are you jewish? Cause the way you're looking at me, I'm beginning to think Jewish this dick was in your mouth.
Do you work for Papa Johns? Cause you're a fine pizza ass.
Girl are you a witch? Cause you know how to make something stand without even touching it
Are you from China? Cause I'm China get in your pants.
Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I'll stuff your crust.
Since we've been told to reduce waste these days, what you say we use these condoms in my pocket before they expire.
[Take an ice cube to the bar, smash it, and say] "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
The only reason I would kick you out of bed would be to f**k you on the floor.
The word of the day is "legs." Let's go back to my place and spread the word.
We're going to dance to one song, then go back to my apartment and f**k.
What can I do to make you sleep with me?
Let's go back to my room and do some math: Add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply.
I wish you were a screen door, so I could slam you all day long!
Do you like yoga? Cause Yoganna love this dick.
Your place or mine? Tell you what? I'll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours.
I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart...
Hey! Wanna play war? I'll lay on the ground and you blow the f**k outta me!
If we were both squirrels, would you let me bust a nut in your hole?
My dick's been feeling a little dead lately. Wanna give it some mouth-to-mouth?
If I told you I had a 2 inch dick would you f**k me? [No] Good, because mine is 8 inches.
Do you like apples? [Yes/No] How about I take you home and f**k the sh*t out of you. How do like them apples?
Do you like jewels? [Yes/No] well, suck my dick, it's a gem.
They say sex is a killer... Do you want to die happy?
First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button.
Your lips are kinda wrinkled. Mind if I press them?
I have a big headache. I hear the best cure for headaches is sex. What say we go upstairs and work out a remedy.
So, Is it safe to say I'm gonna score?
I just checked my schedule and I can have you pregnant by Christmas.
I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
Do you like my belt buckle? (any response is okay ) It would look better against your forehead!
Do you wanna come to the Marines, or would your rather have a Marine come into you?
Are you gay? [No] Wow, me neither, let's have sex.
If I washed my dick, would you suck it? [No] Oh, so you like to suck dirty dicks.
Nice f**king weather. Want to?
That outfit would look great in a crumpled heap next to my bed.
We're out of bleach. Do you want to go in the janitor's closet and make out?    
There are 206 bones in the human body. How would you like one more?
Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Wanna play carnival? You sit on my face and I guess how much you weigh.
What do you like for breakfast?
Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
Why don't you come over here, sit on my lap and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up?
Why don't you surprise your roommate and not come home tonight?
You have some nice jewelry. It would look great on my nightstand.
Are those lumberjack pants your wearing? They are giving me a wood.
You remind me of a championship bass, I don't know whether to mount you or eat you.
Hey baby, as long as I have a face, you'll have a place to sit.
Hey baby there's a party in my pants and you are invited!
Can I walk through your bushes and climb your mountains?
Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?
I'm a freelance gynecologist. How long has it been since your last checkup?
Do you take Visa?
Excuse me, I just shit in my pants. Can I get in yours?
You are the reason that god invented boners.
With great penis, comes great responsibility.
If I flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head?
If you're feeling down, I can fill you up.
There are so many things you can do with the human mouth... why waste it on talking?
How do you like your eggs? Poached, scrambled or fertilized?
You smell... We should go take a shower together.
Would you like a hotdog to go with those buns?
You're like my own personal brand of heroin.
This may seem corny, but you make me really horny.
I'm a burglar and I'm gonna smash your backdoor in.
Do you wanna do something that rhymes with 'Truck'?
I have a rare disease that will kill me unless I have sex within the next 30 minutes. Don't let me die!
I bet my tongue can beat up your tongue.
Yeah, it's big and if you pet it, it spits
Let us let only latex stand between our love.
Do you wanna see why my nickname is 'tri-pod'?
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to mount.
I heard your ankles were having a party... want to invite your pants down?
Are you a virgin? [No] Prove it!
You bring a whole new meaning to the word, "edible."
I don't know what you think of me, but I hope it's X-rated.
Want to play lion tamer? You could get on all fours and I'll put my head in your mouth.
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?
Do you like chicken? Sorry, I haven't got any, how about a cock?
I think that we might be related. Let me check for the family birthmark on your chest.
Are you from Ireland? 'Cuz my dick's-a-Dublin!
[Look down at your crotch] It's not just going to suck itself.
I'm a writer, you're a writer, how about we get naked together and put some poetry in motion?
Are you from Africa? Cause I wanna know Kenya suck this dick?
[Hold up a screw] Wanna screw?
Do you want to come over to my place and feed your beaver some wood?
[What are you doing?] I'm taking off my shoes. [Why?] So I can take off my pants.
How about you be my story and I'll be your climax!
Is your name Dora? Cause I'll let you explore this dick.
I like your hair, your eyes, your smile... I like every bone in your body... Especially mine!
Do you sleep on your stomach? [No] Can I?
Lets play "Titanic." When I say "Iceburg!" you do down.
Do you believe guys think with their dick? (Yeah.) Well, in that case, will you blow my mind?
Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Your shirt has to go, but you can stay.
Would you like to actively engage in mock procreation?
I'm easy. Are you?
Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under.
Could you do me a favor? Could you get on your knees and smile like a donut?
This is a condom. If we put it on, we can have sex.
I WANT SEX! Sorry, the doctor said that would help...
Do you believe in free love? [No] Then how much do you cost?
Hey baby, I'll f**k you so well the NEIGHBORS will be having a cigarette when we're done.
Want to make a porno? We don't have to tape it.
Let's not mess with nature. We are here to make babies. So, let's get to it.
Gee, that's a nice set of legs, what time do they open?
I don't know you, and you don't know me, but who's to say it's wrong if we sleep together?
Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac's in your bra?
I just popped a Viagra. So, we've got about 30 minutes to get back to your place.
I think that pick-up lines are for people with to much time on their hands. Let's just f**k.
You have a beautiful voice. I bet it would sound even better muffled by my penis.
That's a nice shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
Hi, I'm gay. Do you think you can convert me?
I'm the finger down your spine when all the lights go out.
If I'm a pain in your ass... We can just add more lubricants.
Life is short. Let's f**k and see if there is anything after that.
Let me eat you for an hour. If you don't want to have sex after that, we won't.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.
[Give the person a bottle of wine or tequila] Drink this, and then call me when you're ready.
Hi, will you help me find my lost puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room across the street.
I'm trying to determine after years of therapy and lots of testing, whether or not I'm allergic to sex.
[Walk into her chest] "If they weren't sooo large, it wouldn't have happened!"
How much will $20 get me?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I suck at pick up lines... nice tits.
Want to spend the night at my house tonight? The couch may not pull out, but I do.
So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
What are you doing tonight? Besides me, of course?
Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the 'd' cause you'll get that later!
My name is Skittles... wanna taste my rainbow?
Are those pants on sale? Cause they're 100% off at my place!
I'm with the TSA and I need to perform a full body cavity search, for security reasons.
Can I be the wiener in your hotdog?
I only have 12 hours to live... please don't let me die a virgin.
I'm bigger and better than the Titantic - only 200 women went down on that vessel!
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
What has 132 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!
I have the entire dictionary written on my dick. Want me to put some words in your mouth??
The FBI wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?
You wanna go out this weekend?
I have a math test tomorrow
Oh, I thought we were talking about things we could both cheat on!
Are those space pants? Cuz your ass is out of this world!
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
You make my software turn into hardware!
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing.
You had me at "Hello World."
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you.
My servers never go down... but I do!
My 'up-time' is better than BSD.
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
Want to see my Red Hat?
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
I'd switch to emacs for you.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
Nice Set of Floppies!
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
I'd like to play on your laptop.
Where's the 'like' button for that smile?
You totally spiked my traffic.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor.
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I’ll give you sudo access.
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
Your homepage or mine?
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel.
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.
You auto-complete me.
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
What do you say we play a game of "Words With More Than Friends?"
Need me to unzip your files?
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'
How about we go home and you handle my exception?
If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
If you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss.
My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!
I know we're not in Professor Flitwick's class, but you still are charming.
My love for you burns like a dying phoenix.
Being without you is like being afflicted with the Cruciatus Curse.
Hagrid's not the only giant on campus, if you know what I mean.
Your name must be Severus Severus, because you're making my prince full blood.
Interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready.
I must have had some Felix Felicis, because I think I'm about to get lucky.
Without you I feel like I'm in Azkaban and dementors are sucking away my soul.
I've been whomping my willow thinking about you.
If I were to look into the Mirror of Erised, I'd see the two of us together.
Did you survive the Avada Kedavra curse? Because you're drop dead gorgeous.
Your smile is like Expelliarmus. Simple but disarming.
You must be my horcrux, because you complete me.
Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
You are like a bottle of Skele-Gro: You're growing me a bone.
You must be magical, because I've fallen under your spell.
I'm not wearing an invisibility cloak, but do you think I could still visit your restricted section tonight?
I'd like to get my basilisk into your chamber of secrets.
You don't even have to say "Luminos Maxima" to turn me on!
Have you been using the Petrificus Totalus spell? Because you've made me stiff.
Whaddya say you and me go look for the Room of Requirement?
Do you want to head to the Shrieking Shack? We could do some shrieking of our own.
Are you using the Confundus charm or are you just naturally mind blowing?
Come on, let's do it Hippogriff style!
One night with me and they'll be calling you MOANING Myrtle.
You can have the portkey to my heart.
Come here, I'll show you a REAL Patronus.
I'd let you handle my wand any day!
Is that a wand in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
I heard you were in Gryffin-whore, because you let every wizard slyther-in.
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities.
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
Hey baby, what's your sine?
I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
By looking at you I can tell you're 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
Are you a 90 degree angle? 'Cause you are looking right!
My love for you is like pi... never ending.
I'd like to plug my solution into your equation.
I am equivalent to the Empty Set when you are not with me.
I don’t like my current girlfriend. Mind if I do a you-substitution?
Hey, baby want to Squeeze my Theorem while I poly your nomial?
Hey...nice asymptote.
i'm not being obtuse, but you're acute girl.
I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you back to my domain.
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you're acute-y.
My love for you is like y=2^x... exponentially growing.
I'll take you to your limit if you show me your end behavior.
Can i explore your mean value?
The derivative of my love for you is 0, because my love for you is constant.
I'm good at math... let's add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply!
Our love is like dividing by zero... you cannot define it.
If you were a graphics calculator, i'd look at your curves all day long!
I've been secant you for a long time.
If I'm sine and you're cosine, wanna make like a tangent?
Being without you is like being a metric space in which exists a cauchy sequence that does not converge
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
You are the solution to my homogeneous system of linear equations.
I heard you're good at algebra - Could you replace my X without asking Y?
Are you a math teacher? Because you got me harder than calculus.
i'll take you to the limit as X approaches infinity.
Your name is Leslie? Look, I can spell your name on my calculator!
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge
You must be the square root of two because I feel irrational around you.
Let me integrate our curves so that I can increase our volume
If i were a function you would be my asymptote - i always tend towards you.
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
I wish i was your problem set, because then I'd be really hard, and you'd be doing me on the desk.
My love is like an exponential curve - it's unbounded
My love for you is like a fractal - it goes on forever.
I hope you know set theory because i want to intersect and union you
You've got more curves than a triple integral.
Honey, you're sweeter than pi.
If you were sin^2x and I was cos^2x, then together we'd make one.
Baby, you're like a student and I'm like a math book... you solve all my 
problems!
My friends told me that I should ask you out because you can't differentiate. Do you need math help?
Wanna expand my polynomial?
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
You're so hot, you denature my proteins.
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
Do you have 11 protons? 'Cause you're Sodium fine!
I've got my ion you baby!
You must be gibberelin, because I'm experiencing some stem elongation.
You make my anoxic sediments want to increase their redox potential.
Are you made of Nickel, Cerium, Arsenic and Sulfur? Because you've got a NiCe AsS!
Hey baby, will a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
Didn't you know that chemists do it periodically on the table?
I bet you're like calcium bicarbonate - if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive!
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? 'Cause you are F-I-Ne
Me and you would undergo a more energetic reaction then Potassium and water.
Im more attracted to you then F is attracted to an electron.
I will fondle your vesicles while you caress my golgi body.
I want to work on your leucine zipper with my zinc fingers.
If you were oxygen, I would be an alkali metal so i could get in you and explode!
We fit together like the sticky ends of recombinant DNA.
You are the photon to my photosystem: you excite my electron until I reach my reaction centre.
You're hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
If I were a neurotransmitter, I would be dopamine so I could activate your reward pathway.
Hey, wanna put your alpha helix in my beta barrel?
Hey baby, why don't you get your ligase working on my okazaki fragment and lengthen my strand.
Hey, are you an alpha carbon, because you look susceptible to backside attack!
Do you want to extract some protein from my column?
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Everyone knows its not the size of the vector that matters, but the way the force is delivered.
How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
If I was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me: smooth or rough?
We can make a mess as I've hired some lysosomes to clean up after.
My hypothalamus must be secreting serotonin because baby, I want you!
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
You’re so cute you make my zygomaticus muscles contract.
I wish I were Adenine because then I could get paired with U.
You’re like telophase, I admire your cleavage.
Hey baby, want to form a synapse with me and exchange neurotransmitters?
Hey baby, want to form a zygote?
It’s a good thing you've got evaporative cooling, cause I’m going to make you sweat
If I were a Shwann cell, I'd squeeze areound your axon and give you a fast action potential.
Want to be my substrate/enzyme?
If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm?
If you were a concentration gradient I'd go down on you.
If you were C6, and I were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar.
Whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away
I want to stick to u like glue-cose.
You must be the one for me, since my selectively permeable membrane let you through.
Can I be your enzyme? because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction.
You give me more jolt than a mitochondria!
Right now we’re just two RNA, but maybe we could transcribe together and become DNA.
I have a smooth endoplasmic reticulum but know that I like it rough, if you know what I mean.
I also prefer my ribosomes bound tight. Spin me round with your basal body and make sure it's turgid.
Do you like aerobic respiration as much as I do?
That dress would look even better accelerating towards my bedroom floor at 9.8 m/s2
What do you say we use my lever to shift your center of mass?
I might be a physics major, but I'm no Bohr in bed.
Your lab bench, or mine?
Your eyes have a perfect wavelength of 563.4 nm.
Don't you hate it how the coyote always remains suspended in midair until he looks down? It's just SO misleading.
Hey baby. It's massive. You know what I'm talking about.
What's your resonance frequency?
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
I have E=mc2 tattooed on my ass. Wanna see?
Wanna couple our equations tonight?
Can I have your significant digits?
I haven't gotten laid in 4 years, 3 months, and 12 days, plus-or-minus 2 days. Would you care to check my error bars?
Top quark or bottom quark?
You're more special than relativity.
My last partner wasn't very stable. She spontaneously decayed last week and left me for a neutrino.
I know the spring constant for my mattress. Wanna take some data?
How do you feel about group experiments?
Like the ideal vacuum, you're the only thing in my universe.
Heisenberg was wrong. I'm certain about what you're doing tonight.
Those other guys said that your eyes shine like stars. But can they explain how they shine with equal brightness?
Even if there were no gravity on Earth, I'd still fall for you!
Let's exchange fermions!
Engineers don't know the first thing about pleasing a woman. Friction alone can't get the job done.
You and Me = Grand Unification
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
In my bed, it's perpetual motion all night long, baby.
Two large masses that are close together are supposed to radiate gravitational waves. I think that you're a big part of that.
I'm attracted to you like the Earth is attracted to the Sun - with a large force inversely proportional to the distance squared.
I'm hung like a Foucault pendulum.
If I were a drum I'd let you bang me all night long!
You must be a choir director, because you make my heart sing!
This cello isn't the only big wood between my legs.
Are you a trumpet player? Because you sure are makin' me horny!
I may not be Mumford, but do you want to have my sons?
Let's make some sweet music together, honey.
You can tickle my ivories anytime, baby.
I can make you hit all the high notes!
You had me at cello.
Excuse me, do you believe in premarital sax?
Would you like to play my organ?
I'd like to finger your fret board.
Flute players provide some cheap trills.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Good boys deserve more than just fudge.
Girl, you give me a tromboner.
Save a drum, bang a drummer.
This reed isn't the only thing I can get wet.
That's a nice set of mallets you have.
Damn girl, you're lookin' sharp!
I'd love to strum your g-string
I just lost my job and may be Baroque, but that doesn't mean I can't show you a good time.
Perhaps you and your friend would like to play a trio with me?
The pads on my MPC2000XL aren't the only thing I'll be banging tonight.
My embouchure is good for more than just playing the trumpet, if you know what I mean.
I bet that flute isn't the only thing you know how to blow.
Slow down girl, you're giving me a woodwind.
You wanna grease my slide?
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
I bet we'd get into some serious Treble together.
Call me AC/DC, because I'm gonna rock you all night long!
The Proclaimers would walk 500 miles to "come back home to you," but I'll do you one better. I'll sit through an entire Nickelback concert.
Let's play a love game. I'll be Alejandro, you be Lady Gaga and I'll let you take a ride on my disco stick.
Composers always score.
Can I Hakkunah your ma-tatas?
You must be Cinderella, because I see that dress disappearing by midnight.
I can take you to infinity and beyond.
Call me Pooh, because all I want is you, honey.
Give me a Woody and I'll make you Buzz for light years.
One night with me, and I'll show you a whole new world.
I must be Lighting McQueen, 'cause you've got my heart racing.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
You are part of the circle of my life.
Hey Beauty, can I introduce you to my Beast?
You don't need a spoonful of sugar to make me go down.
I'd really like to Poke-her-hontas.
Sit on my face and ask me to lie... What? You've never been Pinocchio'd?
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Hey Aladdin, is that a lamp in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Hey Jasmine, Does the magic carpet match the drapes?
Hi, I'm Andy. Wanna play with my Woody?
I can make any fairy moan... All I need to do is Tink'er'bell.
Hey Cinderella let's see if this fits!
Can you feel the love tonight?
I'll make you want to spend more time in bed with me than Sleeping, Beauty.
Forget Aladdin, I'm thinking bout Jasmine's carpet.
Things are much better down where it's wetter.
You, me, here... this couldn't be any better if I programmed the holodeck myself!
Your mouth says, 'Shields up!', but your eyes say, 'A hull breach is imminent.'
I can't help it -- my eyes are trapped in the gravitational field of your breasts!
Why don't we head to my bedroom, peel back my Star Wars sheets, and discover what a true Jedi can do with his light-saber?
Honey, you've been looking for love in Alderaan places!
I may look like an Ewok, but I'm all Wookie where it counts, baby.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Yoda one for me.
I usually Han Solo, but I'd let you turn on my light saber!
What's a girl like you doing in a place like this when there's a Farscape marathon on right now on the Sci Fi channel.
I've been told I have the cool sexual prowess of a Romulan.
"Urkuk lu Stalga." That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
If you think Chewbacca is hairy, wait until you see my wookie!
Once you make love to a man with Vulcan ears on you never go back.
How 'bout I slip into something more comfortable... like these STAR TREK VOYAGER pajamas!
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Not only can I beam you aboard, I can beam you a woody.
Someone must have shot you with a phaser set on 'stunning'.
Tell me of this thing you humans call (pause) love.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Forgive my Kirk-like boldness, but you wanna go back to my mom's place and watch 'Dr. Who'?
Earth woman, prepare to be probed!
Nice Asimov.
Nice pants, baby. What's the drop rate?
Your eyes are so blue, they remind me of 24 stam gems.
Do ya wanna grind?
Yeah, that's right... I'm hung like a tauren.
I've heard that you are an Epic mount.
Come on, girl... I have the blessing of protection!
Why don't you seduce me? My resistance is low.
Hey Girl, do ya wanna socket my gem?
Can I raid your molten core?
Wanna take my Swift Pink Hawkstrider for a ride?
You must be whitemane, because you just made my champion arise!
My staff can use a little enchant. I have mats and will tip!
I'm no Kobald, but you can take my candle anytime!
"Looking for Group"
My Heart is BOP and you just rolled Need
Have you ever procced flurry on a Gizmo-tron jackhammer?
You can summon my Imp!
Are you a vendor, because I'd like to browse your goods.
Gun DAM, you are FINE girl!
Damn, girl, you must be a hollow. You make my zanpaku-to go bankai.
Sometimes my friends call me Speed Racer, because adventure’s always waiting just ahead.
Why don’t we go back to my place and find my Dragonballs?
All the nubile lolis in my harem don’t think that I’m a complete loser.
Why don't you come over to my house so we can watch a little Sailor Moon to get in the mood?
Do they make you in hug pillow?
I promise, I can always find a girls G-Force.
I carry around my dead sister’s cell phone. Wanna sleep together?
There’s enough Ai in Jailbait for the both of us.
You can be my Henrietta and I will be your Guiseppe.
Let’s find a quiet place to connect and form Voltron.
My extensive Master Grade Gunpla collection is just proof of my magic fingers.
Do you have a tampon I can put in my nostril? Because my nose started bleeding when I saw you.
Yamato - "you seem a bit stiff, but i still got wood"
Gaara - "Ever been shukaku'd?"
Naruto - "I've got nine tails, think you can take them all in one shot?"
Excuse me, is your name Hina? Because I think I’m in love.
Are you a pikachu? Because you are shockingly beautiful.
Do you wanna battle? 'Cuz my balls are at the ready!
My love for you burns like a Charizard's tail.
If I were a Nidoking, you would be my Nidoqueen.
If I were a Milktank, I'd use ATTRACT on you.
Looking at your ass makes my bulba soar.
Want to register your number in my PokeNav?
Is that a Sudowoodo in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
I'd like to ride you like a HORSEA.
When I look at you, my Metapod can't get any harder.
You remind me of Pokemon, I just want to Pikachu.
Do you wanna play my Poke Flute?
When I'm around you, I am like a Geodude, as hard as a rock!
I've got Masterballs baby.
Do you wanna play with my Poke Balls?
I think I need a Paralyze Heal, because you're stunning.
My Pokeballs are SWIFT in your mouth.
Are you a RARE CANDY? 'cuz I feel a level-up.
If you were a Pokemon, I'D CHOOSE YOU!
Do you wanna LICKILICKY my icky sticky.
My Donphan won't ROLLOUT for you much longer.
Do you wanna see what's in my ball bag?
Do you wanna see my POLI-WAG?
Like an Umbreon, I also evolve at night.
Can I fertilize you with my sunkern?
How would you like me to use my Onix to BIND you to my bed?
My Gyarados is BIG enough for you to ride it ALL day and night.
Hey baby, wanna SPOINK?
Your more beautiful than a Beautifly.
Let's have a Togepi of our own!
Want my Caterpie to use String Shot on you?
I'd like to get in your rock tunnel.
What's your favorite move? Mine is LICK.
You'll be WEEZING after I'm done with you.
You've got the lips of a Jynx!
Can I get into YOUR Secret Base?
You make my Darkrai rise.
You remind me of Deoxys, you're out of this world.
Those are some nice HOOTHOOTS you got there.
I just want to stick it in your wooper.
The name's cock..i mean brock..wait, i said that right.
My Kadabra just used Future Sight, and it looks like we've got a future together.
How would you like to see my viridian forest, well it's not really viridian.
How about you come and see my safari zone.
Want to ride my emPOLEon?
You're such a good catch, i think i'll use my only MASTER BALL on you.
Let's make like a Super Rod and hook up.
I'm going to Hoppip into your pants.
My Shellder wants to clamp onto your Slowpoke's tail!
Squirtle isn't the ONLY one that can use water gun. - wink -
STD’s are like Pokemon baby, gotta catch ‘em all! Wanna help me out?
Do you like Pokeballs because you're about to get really close to one of mine.
I wish I was a Seaking, so I could HORN DRILL you.
Let's make RegiLove!
Want to Link your cable onto me?
I'd like to Leech my Seeds into you.
You put the "Wiggle" in Wigglytuff.
Aipom's pretty good with his hands, and so am I.
I wanna see your Squirtle squirt.
If I was a Pokemon right now, I'd be an Erectabuzz
If you were in a Pokemon Contest, you'd win first place in the Beauty/Cuteness category.
I think we're going to need Defog (HM05) before the night is done.
I'd like to Slowpoke your Cloyster.
Are you a Hitmonlee cause your body is kickin'.
My Typhlosion knows Eruption.
You make me feel like an Electrode, you give me an EXPLOSION in my pants.
You make me errupt like the Cinnabar Island volcano.
You must be a Charmander because you're getting me hot.
Lets make like the pages of this guide book and get under the covers.
Baby, I'm a Mismagius. I'll make all of your wildest dreams come true.
My Lickitung can reach deeper than you can imagine!
Don't make me use Water Gun all over you!
Are you from the Hoenn Region? 'Cuz you're the only HO I see.
I wanna Munchlax your Cloyster.
I'm a real Machamp, if you know what I mean.
How about you use REST, so i can sleep with you.
My Typhlosion knows EXPLOSION!!
You put the "Double-D" in Dodou.
I heard Meowth's not the only mischievious pussy in town.
Have you been taking lessons from a Lickitung?
Did you just FLASH(HM 05) me?
Your gonna need a HYPERPOTION by the time i'm done with you.
You put the "BONE" in Cubone.
You set my Chimchar on fire.
I'll use ROCK CLIMB in your Fortress.
My Diglett's attracted to your SWEET SCENT.
Did you use CONFUSE RAY?, cuz your making me dizzy.
Do you wanna see my NUGGETS?
I'd POUND you with my Piplup.
You make me RY-HORNY!
You just gave me a Cubone.
My Bulbasaur knows TICKLE.
I can make your Jigglypuffs sing.
I can make your Milktanks moo.
I wish you and I were Weedles, so you and I could make a Kakuna and evolve together.
Hey, I've got some legendary pokemon, do you want to touch my pokeballs to see just how legendary they are?
If you were a pokemon, you'd be a Squirtle, cause you make me wet!
Let's go make a Mewtwo of our own.
I wish I was a Magikarp, so I could use SPLASH on you!
My Exeggcute are pretty weak. Let's battle so they can get some experience.
Wanna watch my EKANS evolve?
I made you some MOO-MOO MILK, but I forgot to use my Milktank.
You make my Gyrados HYDROPUMP!
I wanna spread HONEY on your Forretress.
If I were a Ghastly, I'd seep right through your pants.
You give my Gengar that smile.
If I were a Hitmonchan, I'd Thunderpunch dat ass.
Is that a TANGELA down there?
Do you wanna see my BELL-SPROUT?
Will you use ROCK POLISH on my Pokeballs?
I wish I was an Abra, so I could TELEPORT to your bedroom.
If I were a Pidgeotto, I'd GUST your pants off.
It's a good thing that I'm a pokemon trainer and can handle your Jigglypuffs!
If I were a Clefairy, I"d DOUBLE-SLAP dat ass.
Do you have a Ditto in your pocket because I can see myself in your pants.
My Magikarp knows a little more than SPLASH if you know what I mean.
I like to compare myself with Smeargle...I'm pretty handy with a paintbrush.
I think I'm going to need a Burn Heal because you're hot.
You put the "cool" in Tentacool.
Why don't you and me go back to my gym and have a naked battle.
Do you want to help my ekans learn intercourse?
starMiE and starYU belong together do you get the message?
I want to Squirtle all over your Jigglypuffs.
I've got an Onyx, and if you come over to my place I'll show you his move Earthquake (TM 27).
I wish you were the ground and I was a Diglett so I could be inside of you.
